add docs: Deploy a simplest multi-cluster Deployment (#1200)
karmada-io/karmada: docs/userguide/resource-propagating.md

Here, we use PropagationPolicy as an example to describe how to propagate resources.

## Before you start

[Install Karmada](../installation/installation.md) and prepare the [karmadactl command-line](../installation/install-kubectl-karmada.md) tool.

## Deploy a simplest multi-cluster Deployment

### Create a PropagationPolicy object

You can propagate a Deployment by creating a PropagationPolicy object defined in a YAML file. For example, this YAML
 file describes a Deployment object named nginx under default namespace need to be propagated to member1 cluster:

```yaml
# propagationpolicy.yaml
apiVersion: policy.karmada.io/v1alpha1
kind: PropagationPolicy
metadata:
  name: example-policy # The default namespace is `default`.
spec:
  resourceSelectors:
    - apiVersion: apps/v1
      kind: Deployment
      name: nginx # If no namespace is specified, the namespace is inherited from the parent object scope.
  placement:
    clusterAffinity:
      clusterNames:
        - member1
```

1. Create a propagationPolicy base on the YAML file:
```shell
kubectl apply -f propagationpolicy.yaml
```
2. Create a Deployment nginx resource:
```shell
kubectl create deployment nginx --image nginx
```

> > Note: The resource exists only as a template in karmada. After being propagated to a member cluster, the behavior of the resource is the same as that of a single kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: How to realize "The resource exists only as a template in karmada" ? stop kube-controller-manager in fed member?

Reviewer: @XiShanYongYe-Chang @Tingtal

Author: We only enable part of controllers with `Kubernetes Controllers`, you can refer to [here](https://github.com/karmada-io/karmada/blob/master/docs/userguide/configure-controllers.md#kubernetes-controllers).

So when we create a resource in `karmada-apiserver`, take Deployment for example, ReplicaSet and Pod will not be generated.

Reviewer: But in practice, some infra services in fed cluster are deployed as deployments and pods are needed.

Author: `karmada-controller-manager` is deployed in the host cluster, not `karmada-apiserver`.

Reviewer: kube-apiserver and kube-etcd in host cluster, karmada-apiserver and karmada-etcd in fed cluster.   Is that so?

Author: `karmada-apiserver` and `karmada-etcd` are also deployed in the host cluster with namespace `karmada-system`. We can get them all with the `karmada-host` context with the command: `kubectl --kubeconfig /root/.kube/karmada.config --context  karmada-host get po -A`.

For resources that created in the `karmada-apiserver`, which are only resource templates. We can get them by `karmada-apiserver` context.

> Note: Resources and PropagationPolicy are created in no sequence.
3. Display information of the deployment:
```shell
karmadactl get deployment
```
The output is similar to this:
```shell
The karmadactl get command now only supports Push mode, [ member3 ] are not push mode

NAME    CLUSTER   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE   ADOPTION
nginx   member1   1/1     1            1           52s   Y
```
4. List the pods created by the deployment:
```shell
karmadactl get pod -l app=nginx
```
The output is similar to this:
```shell
The karmadactl get command now only supports Push mode, [ member3 ] are not push mode

NAME                     CLUSTER   READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
nginx-6799fc88d8-s7vv9   member1   1/1     Running   0          52s
```

### Update PropagationPolicy

> You can update the propagationPolicy by applying a new YAML file. This YAML file propagate the deployment to member2 clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can update the propagationPolicy by applying a new YAML file. This YAML file propagates the Deployment to the member2 cluster.
```

```yaml
# propagationpolicy-update.yaml
apiVersion: policy.karmada.io/v1alpha1
kind: PropagationPolicy
metadata:
  name: example-policy
spec:
  resourceSelectors:
    - apiVersion: apps/v1
      kind: Deployment
      name: nginx
  placement:
    clusterAffinity:

>       clusterNames: # Modify the selected cluster to be propagated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      clusterNames: # Modify the selected cluster to propagate the Deployment.
```

        - member2
```

1. Apply the new YAML file:
```shell
kubectl apply -f propagationpolicy-update.yaml
```

> 2. Display information of the deployment, the output is similar to this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Display information of the Deployment (output similar to this):
```

```shell
The karmadactl get command now only supports Push mode, [ member3 ] are not push mode

NAME    CLUSTER   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE   ADOPTION
nginx   member2   1/1     1            1           5s    Y
```

> 3. List the pods of the deployment, the output is similar to this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. List the pods of the Deployment (output similar to this):
```

```shell
The karmadactl get command now only supports Push mode, [ member3 ] are not push mode

NAME                     CLUSTER   READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
nginx-6799fc88d8-8t8cc   member2   1/1     Running   0          17s
```
> Note: Updating the `.spec.resourceSelectors` field to change hit resources is currently not supported.

### Update Deployment

You can update the deployment template. The changes will be automatically synchronized to the member clusters.

1. Update deployment replicas to 2

> 2. Display information of the deployment, the output is similar to this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Display information of the deployment (output similar to this):
```

```shell
The karmadactl get command now only supports Push mode, [ member3 ] are not push mode

NAME    CLUSTER   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE     ADOPTION
nginx   member2   2/2     2            2           7m59s   Y
```

> 3. List the pods of the deployment, the output is similar to this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. List the pods of the deployment (output similar to this):
```

```shell
The karmadactl get command now only supports Push mode, [ member3 ] are not push mode

NAME                     CLUSTER   READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
nginx-6799fc88d8-8t8cc   member2   1/1     Running   0          8m12s
nginx-6799fc88d8-zpl4j   member2   1/1     Running   0          17s
```

### Delete a propagationPolicy

Delete the propagationPolicy by name:
```shell
kubectl delete propagationpolicy example-policy
```

> Delete propagationPolicy does not delete deployments that propagated to member clusters. Need to delete deployment in karmada control-plane:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deleting a propagationPolicy does not delete Deployments propagated to member clusters. You need to delete Deployments in the karmada control-plane:
```

```shell
kubectl delete deployment nginx
```

## Deploy deployment into a specified set of target clusters

## Configuring Multi-Cluster HA for Deployment

> ## Multi-Cluster FailOver

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Multi-Cluster Failover
```
